First iteration of sase series (#20255)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/learning-paths/sase-overview-course/series/video-2.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Stop hosting your own VPN service
sidebar:
  order: 3
prev: true
next: true
tableOfContents: false
---

import { Render, Tabs, TabItem, Stream, Card } from "~/components";

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Watch this episode">

>     Cloudflare's SASE platform can replace your traditional, expensive VPN appliances which deliver poor performance for users and create more security risks than solve them. Cloudflare's Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA) service is a more secure, highly scalable cloud solution and in this video we look at how easily you can deploy Cloudflare to secure access to internal resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Cloudflare's SASE platform can replace your traditional, expensive VPN appliances which deliver poor performance for users and create more security risks than solve them. Cloudflare's Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA) service is a more secure, highly scalable cloud solution. In this video we look at how easily you can deploy Cloudflare to secure access to internal resources. 
```

    <Card>
        <Stream
        videoId="a02e5f9e58999d96c3ec9dbb0efb9707"
        videoTitle="Video 2"
        thumbnailTimeOrURL="https://pub-d9bf66e086fb4b639107aa52105b49dd.r2.dev/Simon-SASE-thumbnail-test.png"
        moreVideosLink="false"
      />

      **Related content**

>       If you want to dive into detail about using Cloudflare to replace your existing VPN solution, read here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      If you want to dive into detail about using Cloudflare to replace your existing VPN solution, refer to the following pages:
```
